---
title: "Week 6 Fantasy Football Thoughts"
socialImage: images/JPG_Test.jpg
date: "October 11th, 2022"
---

# NEEDED DAT!

Getting a win over the weekend vs Ben was HUGE, instead of 1-4 we are 2-3 and grab a big game against the person in first place who is also in my division. 157 - 99 was the final but it was a lot closer all day long & game didnt get out of reach until the 1pm games were ending.

My gamble on Taysom Hill payed off big time 33pts (4TDs) and I really like the role they are using him in, for both fantasy production and pure enjoyment watching him run through grown men who know he is about to run the ball down the gut. The threat he poses in the redzone ALONE may put him into TE1 range, if the Saints continue to run QB power inside the 10. It will be interesting to see if Hill's role expands / decreases when Jamies Winston is back, but I don't see why QB1 coming back would be anything but good, b/c of the fact that Taysom won't have to be the backup (ICE) so in essance that shoud mean the coaching staff would be less worried about Taysom getting hurt and give him more run, right? I love me some QB-power and pray that I did not just jynx everything by writing this.

Coming into the week 2-3 up against Team Papadilla (3-2), need this swing game here. Huge trade on Monday morning between Team Gene and Lock Fan Club, involving a top 5 pick in this years draft. Gene gave up Justin Jefferson & Darrell Henderson Jr for Rhamondre Stevenson, Allen Lazard, and Melvin Gordon. This trade came as a huge suprise and everyone in the league was pissed and tought it was the classic "trade rape". I love Rhamondre Stevenson and do think he can be a set and forget RB1, especially w/ Harris being hurt (but can Stevenson get enough carries when 37 is healthy? will he seperate himself?) Gordon is also a good get after Javontee Williams went down for the season (my reach RB this year), but for some reason doesn't pop for me as much. I like where Gene was going w/ this trade but also feel like he couldve gotten a bit more, but I know the feeling when you hone in on one guy that you want THIS SECOND.

My quest for a set & forget WR1 came to an end this week when Dane and I made our first deal ever. I had been offering Dane trades for Kupp all year and he finally reversed the roles and started spamming me for trades. The deal that I accepted was Kupp & Jamer Conner for Mike Evans, Brian Robinson, and Raheem Mostert. I have been just waiting ALL YEAR for Brian Robinson to get healthy and eventually be the workhorse over in Washington, but I could NOT pass up this deal for the shot of Brian Robinson being an RB1. The second I saw the trade I accepted it, keeping Breece Hall while getting Kupp was my absolute dream scenerio. With Hopkins coming back week 7 I've now got the duo of Kupp and Hopkins at my WR spots. Mike Williams is the one I gotta figure out whether or not I want to trade him for a RB or throw him out there as the flex. I wanted Kenith Walker III straight up for Mike Williams but Rob would never accept a trade from me lol.
